Adds ability to control button position (#38)
HugoGiraudel/react-a11y-dialog: README.md

---

- **Property name**: `closeButtonPosition`
- **Type**: string

> - **Mandatory**: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Required**: false
```

> - **Default value**: `first`

Reviewer: Shall we go uppercase for these values?

Author: I would not do that as it goes against common practice for naming properties.

Reviewer: Does it? Why?

Author: Ha, common practice was maybe a bit of a stretch :) I am just referring to consistent naming and in my experience JSX properties still try to be consistent with HTML values and those are all lowercase. It would strike me as odd if suddenly these API properties are in uppercase; never seen it in any React library. What do you think?

Reviewer: Actually that’s a solid point, I like it. 👍

> - **Description**: Whether to render the close button before/after the heading or not at all. Options are: `first`, `last`, `none`. **⚠️ Caution!** If you set it to `none`, you'll have to implement your own close button inside the dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: Whether to render the close button as first element, last element or not at all. Options are: `first`, `last` and `none`. ⚠️ **Caution!** Setting it to `none` without providing a close button manually will be a critical accessibility issue.
```

What do you think?
